several troops of ringtails managed to
make a living in these Highlands
some of the luckier ones occupy a more
sheltered Valley where a few trees have
managed to take root
morning fog condensing on leaves is an
important source of water although the
morning still have a chill to them life
here seems more relaxed but also more
crowded pied crows need to be moved on
not least because there are some
vulnerable arrivals in the truth almost
every female is carrying an infant an
indication that life is comparatively
easy up here
with more protection from the elements
and a little more food this troop is
particularly large and can devote
pensive time to their social noise
one female even has twins
a rare event amongst ring-tailed lemurs
and a direct result of a good food
supply but this valley troupe still has
to work hard to collect food in this
broken landscape
few lemurs are such good luck Tyler's
there's a real bonanza at this time of
year
while some gather canopy fruits the
mother of the twins stays lower and
gathers fresh knees
the young are born during the fruited
season when demands on the mothers are
heaviest after such a heavy meal the
troop head off in search of their next
course a daily dose of dirt
eating soil is thought to help with
digestion but it also provides minerals
and even helps the lemurs to cope with
troublesome gut parasites
you